I'm going to get you
Today Ryan and Princess T are going to do a surprise toys Challenge
Welcome to Ryan's Toy Review with Princess T
I got lighting monster truck
I got mickey mouse
I got toys surprise
I found Mulan
I found spiderman
I found Mcqueen. I found an egg.
I found an egg, I got Dusty
I found Gordan
I found the little mermaid. I found Buzz light year.
Cut
Kids I have One two three four five six
Six Yeah
Princess T How many toys do you have
I have one two three four five
That's so embarrassing
Rude
This is what happens when you lose
No
Boo
Haha
Uh oh
This is lighting monster truck
and this is dusty
and this is spider man
and this is giant surprise egg
this is the little mermaid
and this is toy surprise
this is lightening mcqueen
this is gordan
this is buzz light year
this is mickey mouse
and this is mulan
mcqueen vs mater
ready set go
haha
wahoo
wee
oh wee
im going to get you ryan
wow
hahaha
get set go put it down we have a race
yay
i'm going to throw balls at you kids
kids who has better toys. My toys or princess T toys
kids my toys are better right
no my toys no my toys no my toys are better
alright guys
they are all awesome
I wonder what is inside I am so excited
What is it . It is gold thomas .
wee
you ready? Wee!
Kids I wonder what is inside this Hero Vs Villains Mystery Minis
Open it Ryan Open it
It's the little mermaid
I have two Mermaids
I going to bury you Ryan
I'm going to get you
Uh oh she got you Ryan
She almost got you
I'm going to get you. Princess T got you.
Ryan it's time to go to sleep.
I'm going to tuck you in.
Good night Ryan!
Good night Princess T
Bye don't forget to subscribe. See you later Bye
If you like this video please subscribe. Bye kids!